docs: how to launch envoy when ACLs enabled (#15497)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/commands/connect/envoy.mdx

used to set the local agent connection information and ACL token, or that the
agent is using all-default configuration.

### Sidecar Proxy with ACLs Enabled

In secure deployments, Consul's ACL system is enabled with a default `deny` policy.
Nothing can access Consul API resources unless it presents a Consul ACL token with the
necessary privileges. A sidecar proxy must have a Consul ACL token to act as itself and
the service it fronts, and to access all that service's potential upstreams.
The best way to generate such a token is to

> [use a service identity](/consul/commands/acl/token/create#create-a-token-for-a-service).

Author: @rboyer : In the future, we'll want to similarly clarify how to launch the various gateways with a token with the necessary ACL permissions. This pairs with the "write a doc on how to create the ACL token needed for various things" task.

> Nothing can access Consul API resources unless it presents a Consul ACL token with the
> necessary privileges. A sidecar proxy must have a Consul ACL token to act as itself and
> the service it fronts, and to access all that service's potential upstreams.
> The best way to generate such a token is to
> [use a service identity](/consul/commands/acl/token/create#create-a-token-for-a-service).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To access Consul API resources, services and users must present a Consul ACL token with the
necessary privileges. A sidecar proxy configuration must also contain a Consul ACL token. This is so that the proxy and services that send traffic through the proxy can also access Consul API resources and access all of the services' potential upstreams.
We recommend creating a [service identity](/consul/commands/acl/token/create#create-a-token-for-a-service) when generating a token. Service identities enable you to quickly construct policies for services, rather than creating identical polices for each service.
```
Trying to be more specific than saying "nothing" can access resources. I also wan to be more concrete about what we mean in terms of a sidecar proxy "act[ing] as itself". Let me know if I am misinterpreting this information.

Author: I applied the spirit of this suggestion to some new wording (that I'll push to the repo in a few minutes) to preserve accuracy. Let me know if the new wording is clear and complies with our style.

> Then, provide that token when launching the Envoy sidecar proxy instance with
> the `consul connect envoy` command through either:
> - Environment variables
>   [`CONSUL_HTTP_TOKEN`](/consul/commands#consul_http_token) or
>   [`CONSUL_HTTP_TOKEN_FILE`](/consul/commands#consul_http_token_file)
> - CLI flags
>   [`-token`](/consul/commands/connect/envoy#token) or
>   [`-token-file`](/consul/commands/connect/envoy#token-file)
> 
> ```shell-session
> $ export CONSUL_HTTP_TOKEN="<secret-id-of-token-with-service-identity-for-web>"
> $ consul connect envoy -sidecar-for web
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After establishing a service identity that provides access to resources, you can provide the token when launching the Envoy sidecar proxy instance with
the `consul connect envoy` command. You can pass the token in an environment variable or with the `-token` or `-token-file` flag.

Environment variables:    
- [`CONSUL_HTTP_TOKEN`](/consul/commands#consul_http_token)     
- [`CONSUL_HTTP_TOKEN_FILE`](/consul/commands#consul_http_token_file)

CLI flags:
- [`-token`](/consul/commands/connect/envoy#token) 
- [`-token-file`](/consul/commands/connect/envoy#token-file)

```shell-session
$ export CONSUL_HTTP_TOKEN="<secret-id-of-token-with-service-identity-for-web>"
$ consul connect envoy -sidecar-for web
```
```
This suggestion is about presenting information in complete sentences, rather than completing the sentences with bullets.

used to set the local agent connection information and ACL token, or that the
agent is using all-default configuration.

### Sidecar proxy with ACLs enabled

In secure deployments, Consul's ACL system is enabled with a default `deny` policy.
To access Consul API resources, an API request must present a Consul ACL token

> with the necessary privileges. A sidecar proxy must be provided with an ACL token
> with privileges to register itself and the service it fronts,
> and to access all potential upstreams of that service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with the necessary privileges. You must add an ACL token to the sidecar proxy’s configuration when ACLs are enabled. The token must grant the proxy privileges to register itself and the service it fronts and to access all potential upstreams of that service.
```
I think this was my most recent suggestion. After rereading it I can see that it is ambiguous. I think this is clearer.

Author: I went with something substantially similar:

> To access Consul API resources, an API request must present a Consul ACL token with the necessary privileges. If ACLs are enabled, you must provide an ACL token to the sidecar proxy. The token must grant the proxy privileges to register itself and the service it fronts and to access all potential upstreams of that service.
